# Natural-Disasters
Natural disasters are extreme, sudden events caused by environmental factors that injure people and damage property. Earthquakes, windstorms, floods, and disease all strike anywhere on earth, often without warning.
Machine learning in disaster management can be a technology that can assist authorities to perform better under situations of natural disaters. 
We a group of 3 passionate and determined undergrad students have always had a mindset for helping people out in some bad circumstances/situations.So we came up with an idea of implementing machine learning to save the lives of people from future natural disasters. Our idea is to come up with an algorithm which contains the factors and the weather conditions which led to the previous natural disasters. We teach the machine using the previous stats and also mainly what caused the disater.We also mainly focus on the weather starting from 2 days before the disaster occured in the past. These conditions would help the machine learn and predict the natural disasters coming in the future. The software in which we will implement Machine learning continuosly monitors the weather and also at the same time focuses on the reasons why the natural disasters occured. We would feed gas sensors, seismographs reading of the previous disasters to the machine. Our Software not only focuses on the prediction of disaster but also gives us the disaster management solution.
When We succesfully predict a disaster we provide the authorities with the information of how severe the areas surrounding the disaster would get affected. And also empower the authorities by knowing which areas require immediate rescue.
